README.md, before:

# Night App
Imagine if you could use Microsoft Word or others text editors in a dark mode? No, not just parts of the interface, but the sheet where you write. This is the objective of this project!

I hope you enjoy it! :)

Update: since I started this project, Microsoft finally released the dark mode feature to Microsoft Word. Anyway, I will keep working in this project, in order to just create a simple rich text editor with more features than Quill offer. 

### What is this project?
A text editor inspired on VS Code and others technology editors, designed to corporate workers out of tech. 

### What does the project looks like?
Because the project is still begining, I do not have an Loom video yet. :)

### What was my motivation?
I worked for more than ten years in corporate offices - I was lawyer - and, as in technology, these workers spend the hold day in front of a computer screen, most of the times using text editors. However, unlike in technology, these people does not work with a dark screen, being exposed all day to the bright light of an document page with a #fff background.

With this project, I intend to help these people!

### Why did I build this project?
To garauntee more life quality to corporate workers, that today are daily exposed to a bright lights on the computer for several hours.

### What problem does it solve?
When we use an dark mode text editor, we save energy (https://www.forbes.com/sites/jvchamary/2021/07/31/phone-battery-life-dark-mode/) and reduces the exposal of worker's eye to blue light, which is harmful to the health (https://www.healthline.com/health/is-dark-mode-better-for-your-eyes#benefits-of-dark-mode). 

Update: right now the problem is already solved.

### What did I learn?
Right now, the 'inovation' on my projects is the use of styled components. 

### Future plans
As the problem is solved, I intend to create some features that Quill does not provide nowadays.

Commit message:

Update README.md and suspend the project

README.md, after:

# Night App

*************************
##Project suspended!

As the plenity of text editors - including Microsoft World - providing the dark mode feature, this project has no problem to solve. I intend to break it in some new others smallers projects, with specific solutions to automate the writing of documents (like an application that automatically writes the numbers in full, for example).
*************************


Imagine if you could use Microsoft Word or others text editors in a dark mode? No, not just parts of the interface, but the sheet where you write. This is the objective of this project!

I hope you enjoy it! :)

Update: since I started this project, Microsoft finally released the dark mode feature to Microsoft Word. Anyway, I will keep working in this project, in order to just create a simple rich text editor with more features than Quill offer. 

### What is this project?
A text editor inspired on VS Code and others technology editors, designed to corporate workers out of tech. 

### What does the project looks like?
Because the project is still begining, I do not have an Loom video yet. :)

### What was my motivation?
I worked for more than ten years in corporate offices - I was lawyer - and, as in technology, these workers spend the hold day in front of a computer screen, most of the times using text editors. However, unlike in technology, these people does not work with a dark screen, being exposed all day to the bright light of an document page with a #fff background.

With this project, I intend to help these people!

### Why did I build this project?
To garauntee more life quality to corporate workers, that today are daily exposed to a bright lights on the computer for several hours.

### What problem does it solve?
When we use an dark mode text editor, we save energy (https://www.forbes.com/sites/jvchamary/2021/07/31/phone-battery-life-dark-mode/) and reduces the exposal of worker's eye to blue light, which is harmful to the health (https://www.healthline.com/health/is-dark-mode-better-for-your-eyes#benefits-of-dark-mode). 

Update: right now the problem is already solved.

### What did I learn?
Right now, the 'inovation' on my projects is the use of styled components. 

### Future plans
As the problem is solved, I intend to create some features that Quill does not provide nowadays.
